feat: add explanation of how toDataURL works (#2432)
software-mansion/react-native-svg: USAGE.md

```

![FilterImage](./screenshots/filterImage.png)

# toDataURL Method

The `toDataURL` method is a utility function designed to convert an SVG element into a Base64-encoded image format (PNG or JPEG). 

```ts 
toDataURL(
  callback: (base64: string) => void,
  options?: ToDataUrlOptions
)
```

## Parameters
```ts
callback: (base64: string) => void
```
A function that receives the Base64-encoded string as its argument once the SVG conversion is complete. The string represents the converted image data.

`options?: ToDataUrlOptions`

> An object specifying the format and dimensions of the output image. The options object can include the following properties:

Reviewer: The options to specify the size, format (JPEG or PNG) and quality.
```suggestion
An object specifying the size, format (JPEG or PNG) and quality of the output image. Object can include the following properties:
```

``` ts

> format: 'png' | 'jpeg' // Specifies the output image format. If not provided any options, the default format is PNG.

Reviewer: Isn't format optional?
```suggestion
format?: 'png' | 'jpeg' // default: 'png'.
```

> 
> (Only applicable for jpeg format)
> quality?: number // the default value range between 0 - 1
> 
> size?: {
>   width: number
>   height: number
> }
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
size?: {
  width: number
  height: number
}
quality?: number // number in range `0-1` (only applicable for jpeg format)
```

```

## Example: 

```tsx
import * as React from 'react';
import {Button, Dimensions, View} from 'react-native';
import Svg, {Path, type ToDataUrlOptions} from 'react-native-svg';

const SvgLogoWelcome = () => {
  const ref = React.useRef<Svg | null>(null);
  const {width, height} = Dimensions.get('screen');

  const optionsWithJPEGFormat: ToDataUrlOptions = {
    format: 'jpeg',
    width,
    height,
    quality: 100,
  };

  const optionsWithPNGFormat: ToDataUrlOptions = {
    format: 'png',
    width,
    height,
  };

  return (

>     <View
>       style={{
>         width: '100%',
>         height: '100%',
>         justifyContent: 'center',
>         alignItems: 'center',
>       }}>
>       <Button
>         onPress={() => {
>           ref.current?.toDataURL(base64Image => {
>             console.log(base64Image, 'base64Image');
>           }, optionsWithJPEGFormat);
>         }}
>         title="show data URL"
>       />
>       <Svg ref={ref} viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="black" width={250} height={250}>
>         <Path d="M12 2c5.514 0 10 4.486 10 10s-4.486 10-10 10S2 17.514 2 12 6.486 2 12 2zm0-2C5.373 0 0 5.373 0 12s5.373 12 12 12 12-5.373 12-12S18.627 0 12 0zm5.507 13.941c-1.512 1.195-3.174 1.931-5.506 1.931-2.334 0-3.996-.736-5.508-1.931L6 14.434C7.127 16.154 9.2 18 12.001 18c2.8 0 4.872-1.846 5.999-3.566l-.493-.493zM8.5 8a1.5 1.5 0 100 3 1.5 1.5 0 000-3zm7 0a1.5 1.5 0 100 3 1.5 1.5 0 000-3z" />
>       </Svg>
>     </View>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <>
      <Svg ref={ref} viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="black" width={250} height={250}>
        <Path d="M12 2c5.514 0 10 4.486 10 10s-4.486 10-10 10S2 17.514 2 12 6.486 2 12 2zm0-2C5.373 0 0 5.373 0 12s5.373 12 12 12 12-5.373 12-12S18.627 0 12 0zm5.507 13.941c-1.512 1.195-3.174 1.931-5.506 1.931-2.334 0-3.996-.736-5.508-1.931L6 14.434C7.127 16.154 9.2 18 12.001 18c2.8 0 4.872-1.846 5.999-3.566l-.493-.493zM8.5 8a1.5 1.5 0 100 3 1.5 1.5 0 000-3zm7 0a1.5 1.5 0 100 3 1.5 1.5 0 000-3z" />
      </Svg>
      <Button
        onPress={() => {
          ref.current?.toDataURL(base64Image => {
            console.log(base64Image);
          }, optionsWithJPEGFormat);
        }}
        title="log data URL"
      />
    </>
```
